README.md, before:

# [Volt React Dashboard Bootstrap 5](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard) [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fthemesberg%2Fvolt-react-dashboard&via=themesberg&text=Check%20out%20this%20open%20source%20React%20Dashboard)

[![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@themesberg/volt-react-dashboard)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@themesberg/volt-react-dashboard)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub issues open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard.svg)](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue)
[![GitHub issues closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard.svg)](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)

[![Volt React Dashboard Bootstrap 5](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-react-dashboard/thumbnail.png)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard)

Volt React is a free and open source admin dashboard template built in React.js and based on the latest version of the Bootstrap 5 CSS framework. It features over 100 UI elements, plugins, and example based built with React components.

## Powered by React.js

Volt React is an extension of the popular [react-bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) library and it is based on the newest version of Bootstrap 5. 

## Data-driven

This library has been built using a data driven methodology, meaning that a large part of data, such as tasks, messages, user notifications are passed to the components as an array of objects. This will make it easy to connect the UI interface with any back-end API.

## Bootstrap 5

This library is based on the latest version of the [Bootstrap 5 CSS framework](https://getbootstrap.com/) which brought many improvements, such as [dropping dependency on jQuery](https://themesberg.com/blog/tutorial/bootstrap-5-tutorial), introducing RTL support, the utility API and many other style and markup improvements.

## Over 100 React Components

Volt React included over 100 React UI elements such as buttons, form elements, alerts, modals, tabs, navigation bars, date pickers, and many more. They are all custom styled by professional designers as an extension of the base Bootstrap elements using Sass variables, mixins, and custom markup.

## 10 Example Dashboard Pages

Get started with 10 beautiful example pages for a dashboard which is based on the most popular dashboard template written in Bootstrap 5, called [Volt Dashboard](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard).

## Getting Started and live code editor

Every component, plugin and getting started is thoroughly documented on our [online documentation](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/quick-start).

## Tutorial

We also [wrote a tutorial](https://themesberg.com/blog/tutorial/react-dashboard) on how you can install the project, explore the UI elements, create a new page, customize the Sass variables and upload the production code to the server.

## Workflow

This product is built using the following widely used technologies:

- React.js front-end library
- Bootstrap 5 CSS Framework
- Sass preprocessing language
- NPM & Yarn

## Table of Contents

* [Version](#versions)
* [Demo](#demo)
* [Quick Start](#quick-start)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [File Structure](#file-structure)
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
* [Resources](#resources)
* [Upgrade to PRO](#upgrade-to-pro)
* [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)
* [Technical Support or Questions](#technical-support-or-questions)
* [Licensing](#licensing)
* [Useful Links](#useful-links)


## Versions

[<img src="https://github.com/creativetimofficial/public-assets/blob/master/logos/html-logo.jpg?raw=true" width="60" height="60" />](https://themesberg.com/product/admin-dashboard/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard)[<img src="https://github.com/creativetimofficial/public-assets/blob/master/logos/react-logo.jpg?raw=true" width="60" height="60" />](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react)[<img src="https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/github/technology/laravel-logo.jpeg" width="60" height="60" />](https://themesberg.com/product/laravel/volt-admin-dashboard-template).

| HTML | React  |
| --- | ---  |
| [![Volt Bootstrap 5 Dashboard HTML](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard-preview.jpg)](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard) | [![Volt React Dashboard](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-react-dashboard/thumbnail.png)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/)

## Demo

| Dashboard | Transactions | Settings | Forms |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Dashboard](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/overview.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/dashboard/overview) | [![Transactions](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/transactions.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/transactions) | [![Settings](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/settings.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/settings) | [![Tables](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/tables.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/tables/bootstrap-tables)

| Sign in | Sign up | Forgot password | Reset password |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Sign in](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/sign-in.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/sign-in) | [![Sign up](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/sign-up.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/sign-up) | [![Forgot Password](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/forgot-password.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/forgot-password) | [![Reset password](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/reset-password.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/reset-password)

| Lock Profile | 404 Not Found | 500 Server Error | Documentation |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Lock Profile](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/lock.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/lock) | [![404 Not Found](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/404.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/404) | [![500 Server Error](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/500.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/500) | [![Documentation](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/docs.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/quick-start)

-   [Live Demo](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard)
-   [Download](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react)

## Quick start

1. Register and Download from [Themesberg](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react) or clone this repository
2. Download the project's zip

### Using Yarn

3. Make sure you have [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed.
4. After installing `yarn`, open a terminal and run `yarn install` in the main volt folder to download all project dependencies.

```
yarn install
```

5. Then start the app in development mode by running the following command in terminal:

```
yarn start
```

6. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser. Any changes you make to the code will be automatically reflected in the browser.

7. If you want to generate the production files, change the `homepage` value from the `package.json` to the domain name that the app will be hosted on, and then run the following command in the terminal:

```
yarn build
```

### Using NPM

3. Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed. Use an active LTS release such as Node 18 (older minimums like Node 8 will not work with the current React 18 tooling).

4. For Node 17+ (including Node 22), enable the legacy OpenSSL provider to prevent `ERR_OSSL_EVP_UNSUPPORTED` errors when starting or building the app. The repo includes an `.env` file that sets `NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider` so you do not need to set it manually.

5. After installing Node.js, open a terminal and run `npm install` in the main `volt-react-dashboard/` folder to download all project dependencies. You'll find them in the `node_modules/` folder.

```
npm install
```

6. Then start the app in development mode by running the following command in terminal:

```
npm run start
```

## Troubleshooting installs

If `npm install` fails with `403 Forbidden` errors for public packages (for example
`@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core`), clear any inherited proxy settings and point npm
directly at the public registry:

```bash
unset http_proxy https_proxy npm_config_http-proxy npm_config_https-proxy
npm config delete proxy
npm config delete https-proxy
npm config set registry https://registry.npmjs.org/
npm install
```

These commands remove restrictive proxy values and ensure the project can download
dependencies before running `npm start`.

7. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser. Any changes you make to the code will be automatically reflected in the browser.

8. If you want to generate the production files, change the `homepage` value from the `package.json` to the domain name that the app will be hosted on, and then run the following command in the terminal:

```
npm run build
```

## Documentation

Every component, plugin and getting started is thoroughly documented on our [online documentation](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/quick-start).

## File Structure

Within the download you'll find the following directories and files:

```
Volt React Dashboard
.
├── LICENSE.md
├── README.md
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── public
│   ├── android-chrome-192x192.png
│   ├── android-chrome-512x512.png
│   ├── apple-touch-icon.png
│   ├── browserconfig.xml
│   ├── favicon-16x16.png
│   ├── favicon-32x32.png
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── mstile-150x150.png
│   ├── robots.txt
│   ├── safari-pinned-tab.svg
│   └── site.webmanifest
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── img
│   │   └── syntax-themes
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── AccordionComponent.js
│   │   ├── Charts.js
│   │   ├── Code.js
│   │   ├── CodeEditor.js
│   │   ├── Documentation.js
│   │   ├── Footer.js
│   │   ├── Forms.js
│   │   ├── Navbar.js
│   │   ├── Preloader.js
│   │   ├── Progress.js
│   │   ├── ScrollToTop.js
│   │   ├── Sidebar.js
│   │   ├── Tables.js
│   │   └── Widgets.js
│   ├── data
│   │   ├── charts.js
│   │   ├── commands.js
│   │   ├── features.js
│   │   ├── notifications.js
│   │   ├── pages.js
│   │   ├── tables.js
│   │   ├── teamMembers.js
│   │   └── transactions.js
│   ├── index.js
│   ├── pages
│   │   ├── HomePage.js
│   │   ├── Presentation.js
│   │   ├── Settings.js
│   │   ├── Transactions.js
│   │   ├── components
│   │   ├── dashboard
│   │   ├── documentation
│   │   ├── examples
│   │   └── tables
│   ├── routes.js
│   └── scss
│       ├── volt
│       └── volt.scss
└── yarn.lock

```

## Browser Support

At present, we officially aim to support the last two versions of the following browsers:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/chrome.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/firefox.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/edge.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/safari.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/opera.png" width="64" height="64">

## Resources

- Demo: <https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard>
- Download Page: <https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react>
- Documentation: <https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/overview>
- License Agreement: <https://themesberg.com/licensing>
- Support: <https://themesberg.com/contact>
- Issues: [Github Issues Page](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard/issues)

## Upgrade to Pro

If you'd like to support this open source software, we invite you to check out the premium version of this React dashboard called [Volt Pro React Dashboard](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-pro-react). It features over 800 React components, customized pugins, and 20 example pages.

## Reporting Issues

We use GitHub Issues as the official bug tracker for Volt React Dashboard. Here are some advices for our users that want to report an issue:

1. Make sure that you are using the latest version of Volt React Dashboard. Check the CHANGELOG from your dashboard on our [website](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react#changelog).
2. Providing us reproducible steps for the issue will shorten the time it takes for it to be fixed.
3. Some issues may be browser specific, so specifying in what browser you encountered the issue might help.

## Technical Support or Questions

If you have questions or need help integrating the product please [contact us](https://themesberg.com/contact) instead of opening an issue.

## Licensing

- Copyright 2021 Themesberg (Crafty Dwarf LLC) (https://themesberg.com)
- Themesberg [license](https://themesberg.com/licensing#mit) (MIT License)

## Useful Links

- [React themes](https://themesberg.com/templates/react) from Themesberg
- [Affiliate Program](https://themesberg.com/affiliate)

##### Social Media

Twitter: <https://twitter.com/themesberg>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/themesberg/>

Dribbble: <https://dribbble.com/themesberg>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/themesberg/>

Commit message:

Handle missing react-dom/client during start

README.md, after:

# [Volt React Dashboard Bootstrap 5](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard) [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fthemesberg%2Fvolt-react-dashboard&via=themesberg&text=Check%20out%20this%20open%20source%20React%20Dashboard)

[![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@themesberg/volt-react-dashboard)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@themesberg/volt-react-dashboard)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub issues open](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard.svg)](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue)
[![GitHub issues closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard.svg)](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)

[![Volt React Dashboard Bootstrap 5](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-react-dashboard/thumbnail.png)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard)

Volt React is a free and open source admin dashboard template built in React.js and based on the latest version of the Bootstrap 5 CSS framework. It features over 100 UI elements, plugins, and example based built with React components.

## Powered by React.js

Volt React is an extension of the popular [react-bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) library and it is based on the newest version of Bootstrap 5. 

## Data-driven

This library has been built using a data driven methodology, meaning that a large part of data, such as tasks, messages, user notifications are passed to the components as an array of objects. This will make it easy to connect the UI interface with any back-end API.

## Bootstrap 5

This library is based on the latest version of the [Bootstrap 5 CSS framework](https://getbootstrap.com/) which brought many improvements, such as [dropping dependency on jQuery](https://themesberg.com/blog/tutorial/bootstrap-5-tutorial), introducing RTL support, the utility API and many other style and markup improvements.

## Over 100 React Components

Volt React included over 100 React UI elements such as buttons, form elements, alerts, modals, tabs, navigation bars, date pickers, and many more. They are all custom styled by professional designers as an extension of the base Bootstrap elements using Sass variables, mixins, and custom markup.

## 10 Example Dashboard Pages

Get started with 10 beautiful example pages for a dashboard which is based on the most popular dashboard template written in Bootstrap 5, called [Volt Dashboard](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard).

## Getting Started and live code editor

Every component, plugin and getting started is thoroughly documented on our [online documentation](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/quick-start).

## Tutorial

We also [wrote a tutorial](https://themesberg.com/blog/tutorial/react-dashboard) on how you can install the project, explore the UI elements, create a new page, customize the Sass variables and upload the production code to the server.

## Workflow

This product is built using the following widely used technologies:

- React.js front-end library
- Bootstrap 5 CSS Framework
- Sass preprocessing language
- NPM & Yarn

## Table of Contents

* [Version](#versions)
* [Demo](#demo)
* [Quick Start](#quick-start)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [File Structure](#file-structure)
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
* [Resources](#resources)
* [Upgrade to PRO](#upgrade-to-pro)
* [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)
* [Technical Support or Questions](#technical-support-or-questions)
* [Licensing](#licensing)
* [Useful Links](#useful-links)


## Versions

[<img src="https://github.com/creativetimofficial/public-assets/blob/master/logos/html-logo.jpg?raw=true" width="60" height="60" />](https://themesberg.com/product/admin-dashboard/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard)[<img src="https://github.com/creativetimofficial/public-assets/blob/master/logos/react-logo.jpg?raw=true" width="60" height="60" />](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react)[<img src="https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/github/technology/laravel-logo.jpeg" width="60" height="60" />](https://themesberg.com/product/laravel/volt-admin-dashboard-template).

| HTML | React  |
| --- | ---  |
| [![Volt Bootstrap 5 Dashboard HTML](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard-preview.jpg)](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-bootstrap-5-dashboard) | [![Volt React Dashboard](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-react-dashboard/thumbnail.png)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/)

## Demo

| Dashboard | Transactions | Settings | Forms |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Dashboard](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/overview.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/dashboard/overview) | [![Transactions](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/transactions.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/transactions) | [![Settings](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/settings.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/settings) | [![Tables](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/tables.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/tables/bootstrap-tables)

| Sign in | Sign up | Forgot password | Reset password |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Sign in](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/sign-in.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/sign-in) | [![Sign up](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/sign-up.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/sign-up) | [![Forgot Password](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/forgot-password.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/forgot-password) | [![Reset password](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/reset-password.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/reset-password)

| Lock Profile | 404 Not Found | 500 Server Error | Documentation |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Lock Profile](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/lock.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/lock) | [![404 Not Found](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/404.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/404) | [![500 Server Error](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/500.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/examples/500) | [![Documentation](https://themesberg.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/public/products/volt-pro-react-dashboard/github/docs.jpg)](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/quick-start)

-   [Live Demo](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard)
-   [Download](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react)

## Quick start

1. Register and Download from [Themesberg](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react) or clone this repository
2. Download the project's zip

### Using Yarn

3. Make sure you have [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed.
4. After installing `yarn`, open a terminal and run `yarn install` in the main volt folder to download all project dependencies.

```
yarn install
```

5. Then start the app in development mode by running the following command in terminal:

```
yarn start
```

6. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser. Any changes you make to the code will be automatically reflected in the browser.

7. If you want to generate the production files, change the `homepage` value from the `package.json` to the domain name that the app will be hosted on, and then run the following command in the terminal:

```
yarn build
```

### Using NPM

3. Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed. Use an active LTS release such as Node 18 (older minimums like Node 8 will not work with the current React 18 tooling).

4. For Node 17+ (including Node 22), enable the legacy OpenSSL provider to prevent `ERR_OSSL_EVP_UNSUPPORTED` errors when starting or building the app. The repo includes an `.env` file that sets `NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider` so you do not need to set it manually.

5. After installing Node.js, open a terminal and run `npm install` in the main `volt-react-dashboard/` folder to download all project dependencies. You'll find them in the `node_modules/` folder.

```
npm install
```

6. Then start the app in development mode by running the following command in terminal:

```
npm run start
```

## Troubleshooting installs

If `npm install` fails with `403 Forbidden` errors for public packages (for example
`@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core`), clear any inherited proxy settings and point npm
directly at the public registry:

```bash
unset http_proxy https_proxy npm_config_http-proxy npm_config_https-proxy
npm config delete proxy
npm config delete https-proxy
npm config set registry https://registry.npmjs.org/
npm install
```

These commands remove restrictive proxy values and ensure the project can download
dependencies before running `npm start`.

If the dev server fails with `Module not found: Can't resolve 'react-dom/client'`,
remove any stale dependencies and reinstall so React 18 artifacts are present:

```bash
rm -rf node_modules
npm install
```

7. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser. Any changes you make to the code will be automatically reflected in the browser.

8. If you want to generate the production files, change the `homepage` value from the `package.json` to the domain name that the app will be hosted on, and then run the following command in the terminal:

```
npm run build
```

## Documentation

Every component, plugin and getting started is thoroughly documented on our [online documentation](https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/quick-start).

## File Structure

Within the download you'll find the following directories and files:

```
Volt React Dashboard
.
├── LICENSE.md
├── README.md
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
├── public
│   ├── android-chrome-192x192.png
│   ├── android-chrome-512x512.png
│   ├── apple-touch-icon.png
│   ├── browserconfig.xml
│   ├── favicon-16x16.png
│   ├── favicon-32x32.png
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── mstile-150x150.png
│   ├── robots.txt
│   ├── safari-pinned-tab.svg
│   └── site.webmanifest
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── img
│   │   └── syntax-themes
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── AccordionComponent.js
│   │   ├── Charts.js
│   │   ├── Code.js
│   │   ├── CodeEditor.js
│   │   ├── Documentation.js
│   │   ├── Footer.js
│   │   ├── Forms.js
│   │   ├── Navbar.js
│   │   ├── Preloader.js
│   │   ├── Progress.js
│   │   ├── ScrollToTop.js
│   │   ├── Sidebar.js
│   │   ├── Tables.js
│   │   └── Widgets.js
│   ├── data
│   │   ├── charts.js
│   │   ├── commands.js
│   │   ├── features.js
│   │   ├── notifications.js
│   │   ├── pages.js
│   │   ├── tables.js
│   │   ├── teamMembers.js
│   │   └── transactions.js
│   ├── index.js
│   ├── pages
│   │   ├── HomePage.js
│   │   ├── Presentation.js
│   │   ├── Settings.js
│   │   ├── Transactions.js
│   │   ├── components
│   │   ├── dashboard
│   │   ├── documentation
│   │   ├── examples
│   │   └── tables
│   ├── routes.js
│   └── scss
│       ├── volt
│       └── volt.scss
└── yarn.lock

```

## Browser Support

At present, we officially aim to support the last two versions of the following browsers:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/chrome.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/firefox.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/edge.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/safari.png" width="64" height="64"> <img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/creativetim_bucket/github/browser/opera.png" width="64" height="64">

## Resources

- Demo: <https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard>
- Download Page: <https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react>
- Documentation: <https://demo.themesberg.com/volt-react-dashboard/#/documentation/overview>
- License Agreement: <https://themesberg.com/licensing>
- Support: <https://themesberg.com/contact>
- Issues: [Github Issues Page](https://github.com/themesberg/volt-react-dashboard/issues)

## Upgrade to Pro

If you'd like to support this open source software, we invite you to check out the premium version of this React dashboard called [Volt Pro React Dashboard](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-pro-react). It features over 800 React components, customized pugins, and 20 example pages.

## Reporting Issues

We use GitHub Issues as the official bug tracker for Volt React Dashboard. Here are some advices for our users that want to report an issue:

1. Make sure that you are using the latest version of Volt React Dashboard. Check the CHANGELOG from your dashboard on our [website](https://themesberg.com/product/dashboard/volt-react#changelog).
2. Providing us reproducible steps for the issue will shorten the time it takes for it to be fixed.
3. Some issues may be browser specific, so specifying in what browser you encountered the issue might help.

## Technical Support or Questions

If you have questions or need help integrating the product please [contact us](https://themesberg.com/contact) instead of opening an issue.

## Licensing

- Copyright 2021 Themesberg (Crafty Dwarf LLC) (https://themesberg.com)
- Themesberg [license](https://themesberg.com/licensing#mit) (MIT License)

## Useful Links

- [React themes](https://themesberg.com/templates/react) from Themesberg
- [Affiliate Program](https://themesberg.com/affiliate)

##### Social Media

Twitter: <https://twitter.com/themesberg>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/themesberg/>

Dribbble: <https://dribbble.com/themesberg>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/themesberg/>
